{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The following things were correct about your submission:\
\
We expected to find a function named next_move in your code, and we did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "A3". We expected next_move to return the str "Hit", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "A39". We expected next_move to return the str "Hit", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "A397". We expected next_move to return the str "Stay", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "A397K". We expected next_move to return the str "Bust", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "04". We expected next_move to return the str "Hit", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "04Q". We expected next_move to return the str "Bust", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "77". We expected next_move to return the str "Hit", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "779". We expected next_move to return the str "Bust", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "KJ". We expected next_move to return the str "Stay", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "06". We expected next_move to return the str "Hit", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "06A". We expected next_move to return the str "Stay", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "66". We expected next_move to return the str "Hit", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "667". We expected next_move to return the str "Stay", and it did.\
\
We tested your code with hand = "9Q". We expected next_move to return the str "Stay", and it did.\
}